An Emacs theme with cool autumnal colors against a deep blue background.
Inspired by other Emacs themes - Deeper Blue shipped with most modern
versions of GNU Emacs, Gruber Darker by Alexey Kutepov, and Naysayer by
Nick Aversano. The character designs of Ayanami Rei and
Ayanami Rei (Tentative Name) from the anime Neon Genesis Evangelion by
Studio Khara/Gainax provided the main source of inspiration regarding the
central ideas behind the colors used in this theme.

This theme advocates the oxymoronic minimalist Emacs user. Popular third
party packages most likely do not have overwritten colors. Further, many
default Faces that Inherit other default Faces do not get overwritten.
Generally, only Faces that do not use Inherit have themed coloring though
exceptions exist.

A total of fifteen colors make up this theme. Seven of them originate from
other Emacs themes or various Internet samples using color identifying
software. The remaining colors then derive from these seven. The website
https://www.color-hex.com provided much needed assistance in selecting these
derived colors according to the Analogous, Complementary, Triadic, Tint, and
Shade properties provided there. This theme's color declarations contain
in-line comments, attempting to explain the respective derivation process in
addition to crediting sources accordingly.

Kuronami colors with the same name generally have a dark-less-intense to a
light-more-intense arrangement such that the former gets a lower number and
the latter, a higher number. For example, "kuronami-blue0" has a darker, less
intense blue than "kuronami-blue1," which has a lighter, more intense blue.

The author has historically struggled seeing and describing colors as most
others do, so please have patience if these descriptions do not make sense.
