Introduction

LaTeX Labeler is an Emacs Lisp package designed to streamline the
process of labeling equations in LaTeX documents.  This package
enables numbering equations sequentially in a LaTeX file from top
to bottom.  The main purpose of Latex Labeler is to synchronize
equation labels in a LaTeX file and a compiled document.

Important note

While LaTeX Labeler works seamlessly with AUCTeX and YaTeX, it may
encounter unexpected errors when used with the built-in latex-mode,
especially when labeling equations within subequations environment.
We recommend using LaTeX Labeler with AUCTeX or YaTeX.

Getting started

If you use AUCTeX, add the following code to your Emacs
configuration file (e.g.  ~/.emacs.d/init.el):

(add-hook 'LaTeX-mode-hook #'latex-labeler-mode)

Additionaly, it is recommended to add the following code.  This
code suppresses the prompt for inserting an equation label when
executing the `LaTeX-environment' command (C-c C-e):

(setq LaTeX-equation-label nil)

If you use YaTeX instead of AUCTeX, add the following code:

(add-hook 'yatex-mode-hook #'latex-labeler-mode)

Usage

LaTeX Labeler provides three commands for labeling equations and
updating references.

1. `latex-labeler-update': Update equation labels and references
that match the predefined format in your LaTeX document.

2. `latex-labeler-update-force': Forcefully update all labels and
references, regardless of the format.

3. `latex-labeler-change-prefix-and-update': Change the label
prefix interactively and updates labels.  When you change the
prefix, LaTeX Labeler appends the necessary local variables
configuration to your LaTeX file.

If you want to append section numbers to equation labels for a
specific file, add the following lines at the end of the LaTeX
file:

% local variables:
% latex-labeler-with-section-counter: t
% end:

If you use AUCTeX and want to apply this configuration to all LaTeX
files within a particular directory, create a file named
.dir-locals.el in that directory and add the following lines in
.dir-locals.el (alternatively, you can achieve this by running the
command `add-dir-local-variables'):

;;; Directory Local Variables            -*- no-byte-compile: t -*-
;;; For more information see (info "(emacs) Directory Variables")

((latex-mode . ((latex-labeler-with-section-counter . t))))

If you prefer to set this configuration globally, add the following
line to your Emacs configuration file:

(setq latex-labeler-with-section-counter t)
